feat(pie-cookie-banner): WCP-000 refactorerd the locale fallback logic (#2043)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/patterns/cookie-banner/code/code.md

```js
bg (BULGARIAN)
ca (CATALAN)
da (DANISH)
de (GERMAN)
en (ENGLISH)
es (SPANISH)
he (HEBREW)
it (ITALIAN)
nl (DUTCH)
pl (POLISH)
sk (SLOVAK)
```
And the following bespoke locales are supported (_sometimes added to accommodate specific legal wording for a particular country_):

```js
en-fr (ENGLISH-FRANCE)
fr-fr (FRENCH-FRANCE)
```
(*) This is the logic order for loading the locale;

1. We attempt to load the bespoke locale for a given language/country combination, e.g. `fr-fr`.
2. We would attempt to use the locale file based on the language supplied, e.g. if you supplied language `de` & country `ch` we would use the locale file `de`, if you supplied language `fr` & country `ca` then we would use the locale file `fr`, etc.
3. If you supply an unsupported language in the language/country combination then we would attempt to use the default locale file based on the country supplied, e.g. if you supplied language `pt` & country `es` we would use the locale file `es`, if you supplied language `ru` & country `fr` then we would use the locale file `fr`, etc.
4. If both the language and country are unsupported then we would use the default of `en`.

> Note, if you wish to support a new language or combination then create a new locale file and then extend the code to support this new lanaguage/country.

Reviewer: This might be preferable?

```suggestion
{% notification {
  type: "information",
  message: "If you wish to support a new language or combination, then create a new locale file and then extend the code to support this new language/country."
} %}
```
